{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f212\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f213\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f215\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f216\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f217\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f218\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f219\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f220\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f222\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f223\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f225\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f226\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f227\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f228\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f229\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f230\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \styrsid9663531 header;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \styrsid9663531 footer;}{\*\cs17 \additive \sbasedon10 \styrsid9663531 object;}{\*\cs18 \additive 
\ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid9663531 Hyperlink;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2314216\rsid9663531\rsid14227618}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Ethics Policy Refresher Module Assessment Questions:}
{\author rc220}{\operator rc220}{\creatim\yr2010\mo10\dy27\hr12\min27}{\revtim\yr2010\mo10\dy27\hr12\min29}{\version1}{\edmins2}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords564}{\nofchars3215}{\*\company Georgia Tech}{\nofcharsws3772}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace120\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow2\dgvshow2
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot9663531\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0{\*\ftnsep \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid9663531 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\ftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid9663531 \chftnsepc 
\par }}{\*\aftnsep \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid9663531 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\aftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid9663531 \chftnsepc 
\par }}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid2314216\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 Ethics Policy Refresher Module Assessment Questions:}{
\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 \line \line }{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 Introduction:}{\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531  You must correctly answer 6 of 7 questions to receive credit for completing the program.\~
 Once you begin, you must complete the Assessment before exiting or selecting a topic to view.\~ Click the right arrow to begin. \line \line 1. The USG Code of Conduct provides guidance to all USG employees in applying the four core values (Integrity 
\bullet  Excellence \bullet  Accountability \bullet  Respect)\~ to the decisions and choices that are made in the course of everyday work life.\line \line }{\b\f1\fs28\ul\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 True}{\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 
 or False\line \line Incorrect feedback for False:\~ That's incorrect. The purpose of the Code of Conduct is to guide members of the USG community in applying the underlying USG Statem
ent of Core Values to the decisions and choices that are made in the course of everyday endeavors. Each USG institution must ensure that its institutional ethics policies are consistent with this USG Ethics policy.\line \line 
2. The USG Ethics Policy applies to all members of the USG community including the Board of Regents, but does not include those acting on behalf of the USG including vendors and contractors. \line \line True or }{
\b\f1\fs28\ul\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 False}{\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 \line \line Incorrect feedback for True:\~ That's incorrect. The USG Ethics Policy applies to all members of the USG community.\line \line 
3. It is important that all USG employees be truthful in the reporting and documenting of all work related duties including records related to appropriate arrival and departure times from work and the reporting of all forms of l
eave (e.g. sick and vacation).\line \line }{\b\f1\fs28\ul\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 True}{\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531  or False\line \line Incorrect feedback for False:\~
 That's incorrect. Policy II states that USG employees are required to maintain the integrity and accuracy of all documents and records relative to sick leave, vacation/annual leave and all other forms of leave.\line \line 
4. Unacceptable violations of research integrity and non-compliance with all laws, rules and regulations governing USG could lead to monetary fines and potential criminal prosecution. \line \line }{\b\f1\fs28\ul\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 True}{
\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531  or False\line \line Incorrect feedback for False:\~
 Policy VI states that compliance with laws, rules and regulations governing USG institutions is both a legal and an ethical mandate. The risks associated with non-compliance can be significant. Significant risks include loss of reputation, loss o
f external funding, financial penalties, loss of accreditation and potential criminal prosecutions.\line \line 5. USG employees have no responsibility to report questionable behavior including potential misuse of resources (e.g. equipment, funds, etc.)\~
 or potential cases of sexual harassment. \line \line True or }{\b\f1\fs28\ul\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 False}{\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 \line \line Incorrect feedback for True:\~
 Policy X states that all members of the USG community have a responsibility to follow university policies and procedures, adhere to applicable laws and regulations and speak up when they see or suspect misconduct.\line \line 
6. Acceptance of perks or gifts in order to influence decisions or alter the performance of employees in conducting their official duties is a violation of the USG Ethics Policy.\line \line }{\b\f1\fs28\ul\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 True}{
\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531  or False\line \line Incorrect feedback for False:\~
 Policy XII states that no member of the USG community shall directly or indirectly solicit, receive, accept or agree to receive a thing of value by inducing the reasonable belief that the giving of the thing will influence his/her performance or failu
re to perform any official action.\line \line 7. The USG Ethics and Compliance Hotline is one of\~ several ways to report potential violations of USG ethics policies.\line \line }{\b\f1\fs28\ul\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 True}{
\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531  or False\line \line Incorrect feedback for False:\~ The USG Ethics and Compliance Hotline is the Universi
ty Systems designated place to report potential violations. This can be done by either calling 1-877-516-3466 or going online to}{\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531  }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\cs17\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531  
HYPERLINK "https://www.reportlineweb.com/Welcome.aspx?Client=BOR" \\t "_blank" }}{\fldrslt {\cs18\f1\fs28\ul\cf2\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 https://www.reportlineweb.com/Welcome.aspx?Client=BOR}}}{\f1\fs28\insrsid9663531\charrsid9663531 .}{
\f1\fs28\insrsid14227618\charrsid9663531 
\par }}